Add override exception for interface functions. (#11628)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

### 0.8.8 (unreleased)

Language Features:

>  * Inheritance: A function that overrides a single interface function does not need the ``override`` specifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Inheritance: A function that overrides a only single interface function does not require the ``override`` specifier.
```

?
